Mention how Siemens applies some patterns (#1)
siemens/InnerSourcePatterns: patterns/2-structured/issue-tracker.md

## Known Instances

* Europace AG - See blog post [Issue Use Cases](https://tech.europace.de/post/using-issues-for-asking-questions-and-tracking-work/)

> * Siemens is managing work on their Inner Source Platform in a fully transparent way. This includes tracking enhancements and bugs, as well as marketing and communication activities as well as support requests from users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Siemens manages work on their Inner Source Platform in a fully transparent way. This includes tracking enhancements and bugs, as well as marketing, communication activities and support requests from users.
```
